well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so the Chinese had us with tariffs
on another seventy-five billion dollars
or something like that the president's
response was to order order American
companies to look for an alternative to
China order everything inside the state
the blending of corporate and government
interests if only there was a term for
this form of government his exact words
what he said was our great American
companies are hereby ordered to
immediately start looking for an
alternative to China including bringing
your companies home all capital letters
and making your products in the US
that's not going to happen they're gonna
go to Vietnam or another similar country
they're not going to bring them back
here and even production facilities that
get moved to the United States it's not
going to bring back the jobs the way
people think this isn't the 1940s
factories are not hundreds of people
standing in a line working on on a
conveyor belt that's not what happens
anymore
it's automated those jobs are gone in
the United States those jobs are gone
Automation is cheaper than people and
it's more reliable this is like having a
campaign to bring back switchboard
operators technology eliminated those
jobs yes they use them over there
why because over there people are
cheaper than automation it's not true
here it's not true here
the other thing this border represents
is that it signifies the u.s. loss of
this trade war that was going to be so
easy to win Trump isn't getting what he
wants so he's taking his ball or more
accurately the balls of American
corporations and going home or to
Vietnam that's what's happening you know
he's sitting there saying we don't need
the Chinese they're our largest trading
partner they are our largest trading
partner this move increases the chance
of recession will increase income
inequality income inequality and poverty
are the two most visible symbols of the
fact that we need a new system here we
need a new system one that isn't built
on human exploitation we're so wrapped
up in the idea of winners or losers you
know people are running around while
China's economy is getting more powerful
if one day it might match ours the
country with four times our population
might have as much economic activity
well color me shocked of course it will
that's going to happen and if we shut
them out well we're not going to be
having a cut of their economic activity
we are losing our largest trading
partner for no reason and the president
set there and needed a scapegoat so he
wondered aloud if Jay Powell was a
bigger enemy than China chairman of the
Federal Reserve maybe maybe he is who
nominated him who put him in that
position President Trump but his base is
so willfully ignorant they won't know
that so he's the perfect scapegoat
perfect scapegoat
you know I am not I'm not a socialist
I'm not but I saw that game socialist
monopoly or whatever and it's funny it
cracked me up because the first time I
played Monopoly with my boys they loved
it they loved it rolling the dice
building the houses in the hotels
building their little empires and when
one of them ran out of money
the other ones voluntarily gave them
cash because they wanted to continue to
enjoy it and everybody stayed in the
game everybody stayed in the game
through voluntary means because people
did what was right
cooperation over competition what
happened and what happens when a bunch
of young kids normally play Monopoly
what's the normal outcome somebody
starts to get ahead and they start
mocking the other players and then
literal upheaval somebody gets mad flips
over the board
it's funny because in that way monopoly
is a perfect perfect example of our
current system and the system that has
been retried system based on the
exploitation of humans because that's
what happens
[Music]
people get so far ahead that they start
mocking those in poverty and then
upheaval the pitchforks come out have it
in France
it happened in Russia and it will happen
here if we do not build a society that
is more equitable that is more fair a
society in which everybody can stay in
the game you know and people like to
point to that as you know this is how
America should work and that's all fine
and good but that's not how it works see
at the beginning of that game everybody
starts off equal that's not how it works
in real life in real life somebody
starts off with a whole lot war and they
can use that to keep everybody else down
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good day